[Support] partial vendor-specific dns records cleanup (#8653)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes/full-strict.md

## Required setup

### Prerequisites

Before enabling **Full (strict)** mode, make sure your origin:

> - Allows HTTPS connections on port 443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows HTTPS connections on port `443`.
```

- Presents a certificate matching the requirements above.

> Otherwise, your visitors may experience a [526 error](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/115003011431#526error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, your visitors may experience a [526 error](/support/troubleshooting/cloudflare-errors/troubleshooting-cloudflare-5xx-errors/#error-526-invalid-ssl-certificate).
```
